so why haven't people built a colony on
the moon yet
it's likely because they don't have
enough building supplies
there are no hardware stores there the
only way out would be to deliver
materials from earth
then rockets would act as construction
trucks
for comparison imagine you want to build
a house
and use fedex delivery to get all the
necessary stuff
it would be extremely expensive and
rather foolish
using rockets would be the same
a colony on mars sounds even more
unrealistic right now
the distance from earth to the moon is
about 239
000 miles well it's at least 34 million
miles between our planet and mars
but asteroids are another story they're
rocky objects orbiting the sun like
planets
but they're much much smaller from 30
feet to 300 miles across
if you combine the mass of all asteroids
in the solar system
it would still be less than that of the
moon those asteroids that do approach
earth
carry trillions of dollars worth of
metals and minerals
and some of them come so close that
experts believe
asteroid mining missions can become a
reality in the near future
your eyes shining you switch off a tv
after getting to know such cool stuff
you find it hard to fall asleep
when you finally manage to catch some
z's you dream of
floating in endless space
you wake up with a start feeling
disoriented
your body feels weird you don't have
enough oxygen to breathe
you open your eyes and look around
you're inside
a sleeping capsule its walls are covered
with tons of different buttons and tiny
screens
after you experiment for a while one of
the sliding panels sweeps to the side
you crawl out of the pod the absence of
windows and any natural light
makes you think you're underground
dozens of sleeping capsules line the
walls
the door leading out of the room is made
of metal and looks heavy and unmovable
but once you press the button on the
wall next to it the door
soundlessly opens after climbing up a
dark corridor for a while
you find yourself in a smaller room your
heart sinks
there are at least half a dozen bulky
spacesuits inside
what does it mean are you in space hey
good guess
you try to open the only other door in
the room which looks even sturdier than
the previous one
but it just wouldn't budge you sigh
and start to pull on one of the
spacesuits as soon as you're securely
packed inside
the door automatically unlocks after
waiting for a while in an
airlock chamber you finally make a step
outside
and the breath catches in your throat as
you look up
you see a beautiful blue orb it seems to
be glowing
startled you realize it's earth and
you're quite close to it
are you standing on the moon's surface
unlikely
this space body is way smaller and its
surface doesn't look like the surface of
our planet's natural satellite
it has an irregular shape and is heavily
cratered and pitted
over your head several miles above the
surface
you spot a sizable boulder then an
asteroid if so then the rock suspended
in the air is a companion moon
judging from how close our planet is it
must be a near-earth
asteroid or maybe even an earth crosser
those are asteroids that cross our
planet's orbit
astronomers know about more than ten
thousand of such space bodies
almost fifteen hundred of them can be
considered potentially hazardous to
earth
you feel proud of yourself for
remembering so much info
from yesterday's show suddenly you
realize that your spacesuit isn't
attached to anything
and still you aren't floating over the
surface or slowly drifting away into
open space
the asteroid must have artificial
gravity
otherwise its own gravity would be too
weak to prevent you from flying away
come to think of it creating a
gravitational field makes sense
without it the colonists would have
problems with coordination balance
orientation in space they would also
constantly feel seasick
blah plus their bones will lose minerals
and get one percent less
dense each month the next moment the
reason why you woke up deep underground
dawns on you the people living on this
asteroid must have
hollowed it out now they're living
inside
they also have made it rotate the force
that's created when a body rotates
around its axis
called the centrifugal force simulates
earth's gravity
your suit provides necessary protection
against cold and radiation
the temperature on the surface of an
asteroid can be from minus 100
to minus 150 degrees without some heat
source
you wouldn't survive for long when
you're on earth the planet's strong
magnetic field and atmosphere
protect you from solar flares and cosmic
radiation
but asteroids don't have such a defense
mechanism
it must be another reason why colonists
live under the surface
burrowing at least 300 feet deep inside
the asteroid
is enough to shield the colonists from
radiation
just then a question pops up in your
mind what are you doing here
as if on cue you notice a human-shaped
figure appear nearby
from the way they gesture you figure out
they must be furious
suddenly your helmet radio switches on
through the background noise you hear
what are you doing there we don't have
time to waste
get down to work now work what kind of
work can it be
oh the colony must house asteroid miners
astronomers think asteroids might be the
material left
after the solar system was formed or
they might be planetary debris
planets often fall into pieces after
getting in space accidents
for example collisions with other
celestial bodies
even without visiting asteroids
scientists know what they're made of
they use a special technique it helps to
figure out what minerals or metals an
asteroid consists of
by analyzing the light reflected off its
surface
some asteroids might contain not only
iron magnesium and nickel
but also oxygen water gold and platinum
the asteroid you're standing on is
likely to be one of those containing
water
without it the colony wouldn't survive
plus
the people working here likely break
this water down into oxygen and hydrogen
that's how they produce fuel that makes
all their machines and mechanisms work
and the oxygen is used for breathing
let's say
people mind all the asteroids in the
asteroid belt between jupiter and mars
then each person on earth would get
almost 100 billion dollars
that's how much cool stuff these space
bodies have
an asteroid with a diameter of less than
a mile
would weigh about 2 billion tons this
weight would include 30 million tons of
nickel
more than 1 million tons of cobalt and
at least 7
500 tons of platinum such an amount of
platinum alone would cost
billions of dollars and now imagine how
many asteroids like that
travel across the solar system
anyway you can't procrastinate any
longer after all you're here to do some
mining
while you're shuffling in the direction
where the angry man disappeared
you pay attention to the details the
machinery you spot looks to be solar
powered
there are lots of robots dashing around
you guess
it allows the colonists to cut down on
fuel food and
other supplies the mines on the asteroid
are similar to those on earth
the method colonists use to extract
minerals is scraping them off the
asteroid
deep tunnels and shafts pierce the rock
by the way
those who created them had to be
extremely cautious
asteroids aren't giant boulders they're
rather loosely organized piles of rubble
if you aren't careful while drooling
these enormous heaps of gravel can just
fall apart they can also disintegrate
when you spin them to generate gravity
that's why an asteroid must first be
emptied out carefully
and then the colonists have to make sure
the spin doesn't cause too much stress
to its structure
speaking of artificial gravity thanks to
it
the miners don't have to worry about
valuable ore floating off into space
otherwise a large canopy would have to
be stretched over the mines and used to
collect the precious stuff
after the asteroid's resource is
finished the colony will be moved to the
next asteroid
after a seemingly endless working day
you drag your exhausted body into your
sleeping pod
the only question on your mind is is it
just a dream or am i stuck on this
asteroid for months to come